; vim: ft=colortemplate cc=40 vsts=39,4
;; filetype and plugins
vimCommentString                       -> Comment
vimVar                                 -> Normal
vimOper                                -> Normal
vimSep                                 -> Normal
vimParenSep                            -> Normal
yamlBlockMappingKey                    -> Statement
rubyMacro                              -> Statement
rubyDefine                             -> Statement
javaScriptFunction                     -> Statement
javaScriptIdentifier                   -> Statement
sqlKeyword                             -> Statement
sqlSpecial                             -> Constant
Quote                                  -> String
lspDiagVirtualTextError                -> Removed
lspDiagSignErrorText                   -> Removed
lspDiagVirtualTextWarning              -> Changed
lspDiagSignWarningText                 -> Changed
lspDiagVirtualTextHint                 -> Added
lspDiagSignHintText                    -> Added
lspDiagVirtualTextInfo                 -> Question
lspDiagSignInfoText                    -> Question
rstDirective                           -> PreProc
rstSection                             -> Statement
markdownH1Delimiter                    -> Type
markdownH2Delimiter                    -> Type
markdownH3Delimiter                    -> Type
markdownH4Delimiter                    -> Type
markdownH5Delimiter                    -> Type
markdownH6Delimiter                    -> Type
markdownHeadingRule                    -> Type
markdownH1                             -> Statement
markdownH2                             -> Statement
markdownH3                             -> Statement
markdownH4                             -> Statement
markdownH5                             -> Statement
markdownH6                             -> Statement
markdownCodeDelimiter                  -> Special
markdownId                             -> String
markdownListMarker                     -> PreProc
markdownUrl                            -> Underlined
markdownLinkText                       -> String
asciidoctorTitle                       -> Statement
asciidoctorH1                          -> Statement
asciidoctorH2                          -> Statement
asciidoctorH3                          -> Statement
asciidoctorH4                          -> Statement
asciidoctorH5                          -> Statement
asciidoctorH6                          -> Statement
asciidoctorH1Delimiter                 -> Type
asciidoctorH2Delimiter                 -> Type
asciidoctorH3Delimiter                 -> Type
asciidoctorH4Delimiter                 -> Type
asciidoctorH5Delimiter                 -> Type
asciidoctorH6Delimiter                 -> Type
asciidoctorSetextHeaderDelimiter       -> Type
asciidoctorSetextHeader                -> Statement
asciidoctorListMarker                  -> Special
asciidoctorListContinuation            -> asciidoctorListMarker
asciidoctorCaption                     -> PreProc
asciidoctorOption                      -> Identifier
asciidoctorMacro                       -> PreProc
dirLink                                -> Comment
